documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/parameters.md

| `"batch_size"` | `integer/"auto"` | Optional. By default, the batch size is derived from the model, defined through the OpenVINO Model Optimizer. `batch_size` is useful for sequential inference requests of the same batch size.Some models, such as object detection, don't work correctly with the `batch_size` parameter. With these models, the output's first dimension doesn't represent the batch size. You can set the batch size for these models by using network reshaping and setting the `shape` parameter appropriately.The default option of using the Model Optimizer to determine the batch size uses the size of the first dimension in the first input for the size. For example, if the input shape is `(1, 3, 225, 225)`, the batch size is set to `1`. If you set `batch_size` to a numerical value, the model batch size is changed when the service starts.`batch_size` also accepts a value of `auto`. If you use `auto`, then the served model batch size is set according to the incoming data at run time. The model is reloaded each time the input data changes the batch size. You might see a delayed response upon the first request.  |

> | `"layout" `| `json/string` | `layout` is optional argument which allows to change the layout of model input and output tensors. Only `NCHW` and `NHWC` layouts are supported.When specified with single string value - layout change is only applied to single model input. To change multiple model inputs or outputs, you can specify json object with mapping, such as: `{"input1":"NHWC","input2":"NHWC","output1":"NHWC"}`.If not specified, layout is inherited from model. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"layout" `| `json/string` | `layout` is an optional argument that allows changing the layout of model input and output tensors. Only `NCHW` and `NHWC` layouts are supported. When specified with a single string value - layout change is only applied to single model input. To change multiple model inputs or outputs, you can specify JSON object with mapping, such as: `{"input1":"NHWC","input2":"NHWC","output1":"NHWC"}`.If not specified, the layout is inherited from the model. |
```

| `"nireq"` | `integer` | The size of internal request queue. When set to 0 or no value is set value is calculated automatically based on available resources.|
| `"target_device"` | `string` | Device name to be used to execute inference operations. Accepted values are: `"CPU"/"HDDL"/"GPU"/"MYRIAD"/"MULTI"/"HETERO"` |
| `stateful` | `bool` | If set to true, model is loaded as stateful. | No |
| `idle_sequence_cleanup` | `bool` | If set to true, model will be subject to periodic sequence cleaner scans.  See [idle sequence cleanup](stateful_models.md#stateful_cleanup). |
| `max_sequence_number` | `uint32` | Determines how many sequences can be handled concurrently by a model instance. | No |
| `low_latency_transformation` | `bool` | If set to true, model server will apply [low latency transformation](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/2021.4/openvino_docs_IE_DG_network_state_intro.html#lowlatency_transformation) on model load. |

### Batch Processing in OpenVINO Model Server

> - `batch_size` parameter is optional. By default, is accepted the batch size derived from the model. It is set by the model optimizer tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `batch_size` parameter is optional. By default, the batch size is derived from the model. It is set by the Model Optimizer tool.
```

> - When that parameter is set to numerical value, it is changing the model batch size at service start up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the parameter is set to a numerical value, it is changing the model batch size at service start up. 
```

> It accepts also a value `auto` - this special phrase make the served model to set the batch size automatically based on the incoming data at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also accepts a value `auto` - this makes the served model set the batch size automatically based on the incoming data at runtime.
```

> - Each time the input data change the batch size, the model is reloaded. It might have extra response delay for the first request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each time the input data change the batch size, the model is reloaded. It might have an extra response delay for the first request.
```

This feature is useful for sequential inference requests of the same batch size.

> *Note:* In case of frequent batch size changes in predict requests, consider using [demultiplexing feature](./demultiplexing.md#dynamic-batch-handling-with-demultiplexing) from [Directed Acyclic Graph Scheduler](./dag_scheduler.md) which is more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*NOTE*: In case of frequent batch size changes in predict requests, consider using [demultiplexing feature](./demultiplexing.md#dynamic-batch-handling-with-demultiplexing) from [Directed Acyclic Graph Scheduler](./dag_scheduler.md) which is more
```

performant in such situations because it is not adding extra overhead with model reloading between requests like --batch_size auto setting. Examplary usage of this feature can be found in [dynamic_batch_size](./dynamic_batch_size.md) document.

- OpenVINO&trade; Model Server determines the batch size based on the size of the first dimension in the first input.
For example with the input shape (1, 3, 225, 225), the batch size is set to 1. With input shape (8, 3, 225, 225) the batch size is set to 8.

*Note:* Some models like object detection do not work correctly with batch size changed with `batch_size` parameter. Typically those are the models,
whose output's first dimension is not representing the batch size like on the input side.
Changing batch size in this kind of models can be done with network reshaping by setting `shape` parameter appropriately.

### Model reshaping in OpenVINO&trade; Model Server

> - `shape` parameter is optional and it takes precedence over batch_size parameter. When the shape is defined as an argument,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `shape` is an optional parameter that takes precedence over the batch_size parameter. When the shape is defined as an argument,
```

it ignores the batch_size value.

> - The shape argument can change the model enabled in the model server to fit the required parameters. It accepts 3 forms of the values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The shape argument can change the model enabled in the Model Server to fit the required parameters. It accepts 3 forms of the values:
```
